I just remember being very nervous. You know,
wanting to make sure that my testimony was
relevant, and that I... I’ve testified before in
other situations, and, you know, the goal is to
trip you up. It’s easy to sit and talk to your
own lawyer. It was actually being cross-examined
that I was nervous about. I have no memory of
what I was asked, although we prepped before,
I have no memory at all.
Their questionswere so ridiculous.
They were like… You know,
“If you’re all lesbians, what difference does it
make if some men see you naked?” [Laughs]. It just
didn’t... It didn’t make any sense to me at all.
And then I had to, for some reason, reveal that I
was bisexual. And that felt like the ultimate slap
in the face because this was the thing that I was
never quite comfortable with. But because of the
questions that this lawyer was asking, I felt like
I had to say… “Well, I’m bisexual, and of course I
care who sees me naked either way. Not that, that
has anything to do with my sexuality.” I mean, I
wish I could say it was like this great moment of
self-acceptance; it wasn’t. I feel like I put
it out there because the question demanded it,
and it felt like a “fuck you.” Like, I was able to
use it in a way that brought us some power back.
At some point, someone was describing seeing
a woman in a room with cops surrounding her,
and they were talking about me.
[silence]
One second.
It always makes me emotional because in the time
between when the raid happened and the court
case, I remember telling the story, like,
a hundred times to people; it was a thing to talk
about in the community. And the way we told the
story was very much that defiant, like, “You’re
not going to get us.” And, “Yeah.” You know? And
the anger at their actions had kind of carried
through that storytelling, and then hearing
someone describe me as looking terrified... It
actually... I was like, “Oh my God, I was scared.”
I forgot I was scared. I had, kind of, repressed
that or just pushed it aside to deal with the
injustice of it. But hearing someone talk about
me, it completely brought all that stuff back.